README.md, before:

# Bachelors of Engineering in Software Engineering at NUST

![pexels-thisisengineering-3861972](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74835399/148657262-228f3957-7f04-4358-bcab-b51b15be14e0.jpg)

## Table Of Contents

* [How To Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
* [How to Clone ?](#how-to-clone-?)
* [Useful Repositories](#useful-repositories)
* [Academics](#academics)


## Academics

| Semester | Coursers |
|---|--- |
| [Semester 1](#semester-1) | <li> Fundamentals of Programming <li> Applied Physics <li> Pakistan Studies <li> Calculus <li> Workshop Practice <li> Discrete Maths |
| [Semester 2](#semester-2) | <li> [Object Oriented Programming](#)  <li> [](#) <li> <li> <li> <li> | <li> <li> <li> <li> <li> <li> |
| [Semester 3](#semester-3) | <li> [Data Structures and Algorithms](#data-structures-and-algorithms) <li> <li> <li> <li> <li> |
| [Semester 4](#semester-4) | <li> [Software Requirement Engineering](#software-requirement-engineering) <li> [Computer Networks](#computer-networks) <li> [Numerical Methods](#numerical-methods) <li> [Computer Organization and Archeticture](#computer-organization-and-archeticture) <li> [Theory of Automata and Formal Languages](#theory-of-automata-and-formal-languages) |
  
## How To Contribute
Fork the repository. Add material. Make a pull request.

## How to Clone?
~~~
git clone https://github.com/hussainashiqktk/be-software-engineering.git
~~~

## Useful Repositories
  
## Semester 1

## Semester 2

## Semester 3

### Data Structures and Algorithms

* https://www.free-online-calculator-use.com/postfix-evaluator.html
* https://raj457036.github.io/Simple-Tools/prefixAndPostfixConvertor.html
* https://www.hackerearth.com/practice/algorithms/sorting/bubble-sort/visualize/
* https://lnogueir.github.io/expression-tree-gen/
* http://btv.melezinek.cz/binary-search-tree.html

### Database Systems

* https://sqliteonline.com/
* https://sqlzoo.net/
* https://www.interviewbit.com/


## Semester 4

### Software Requirement Engineering
### Computer Networks

* https://gaia.cs.umass.edu/kurose_ross/interactive/
* https://whimsical.com/networking-cheatsheet-by-love-babbar-FcLExFDezehhfsbDPfZDBv
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYeJoJXIP9Q
* Computer Communications Specialization Coursera : https://www.coursera.org/specializations/computer-communications
* Free Courses : https://www.cisco.com/c/m/en_sg/partners/cisco-networking-academy/index.html


### Numerical Methods
### Computer Organization and Archeticture
* <b> Computer Architecture Complete Course By Princeton University : <\b>
    * Part 1 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nuAjYRbITQ
    * Part 2 : https://youtu.be/foCkCSZXOt8 
    * Part 3 : https://youtu.be/BHMETwOXvWw
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1ung0wil9Y
* 8086 Assembly Language Programming For Beginners : https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7i2wta8UEF6lYj7RO3CLeccXFUm_Q29r
* A visual simulator for teaching computer architecture using the RISC-V instruction set. : https://guillaume-savaton-eseo.github.io/emulsiV/
*

### Theory of Automata and Formal Languages

* Regular Expressions Exercises : https://opendsa-server.cs.vt.edu/OpenDSA/Books/PIFLAS21/html/RegExExercises.html
* Regular Language Practice Problems : https://ycpcs.github.io/cs340-fall2016/practice/reglang.html
* Exercise Questions on Regular Language and Regular Expression : https://www.cs.odu.edu/~toida/nerzic/390teched/regular/reg-lang/examples.html
* Visually simulate your DFAs, NFAs and ε-NFAsone input symbol at a time : https://ivanzuzak.info/noam/webapps/fsm_simulator/
* Convert simple regular expressions to deterministic finite automaton. (Regex => NFA => DFA) : https://cyberzhg.github.io/toolbox/nfa2dfa

Commit message:

added a link on skills for engineers

README.md, after:

# Bachelors of Engineering in Software Engineering at NUST

![pexels-thisisengineering-3861972](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74835399/148657262-228f3957-7f04-4358-bcab-b51b15be14e0.jpg)

## Table Of Contents

* [How To Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
* [How to Clone ?](#how-to-clone-?)
* [Useful Repositories](#useful-repositories)
* [Academics](#academics)


## Academics

| Semester | Coursers |
|---|--- |
| [Semester 1](#semester-1) | <li> Fundamentals of Programming <li> Applied Physics <li> Pakistan Studies <li> Calculus <li> Workshop Practice <li> Discrete Maths |
| [Semester 2](#semester-2) | <li> [Object Oriented Programming](#)  <li> [](#) <li> <li> <li> <li> | <li> <li> <li> <li> <li> <li> |
| [Semester 3](#semester-3) | <li> [Data Structures and Algorithms](#data-structures-and-algorithms) <li> <li> <li> <li> <li> |
| [Semester 4](#semester-4) | <li> [Software Requirement Engineering](#software-requirement-engineering) <li> [Computer Networks](#computer-networks) <li> [Numerical Methods](#numerical-methods) <li> [Computer Organization and Archeticture](#computer-organization-and-archeticture) <li> [Theory of Automata and Formal Languages](#theory-of-automata-and-formal-languages) |
  
## How To Contribute
Fork the repository. Add material. Make a pull request.

## How to Clone?
~~~
git clone https://github.com/hussainashiqktk/be-software-engineering.git
~~~

## Useful Repositories
  * List of evergreen skills, based on software development best practices & cross-framework principles, that should serve as a fair assessment of skilled software engineers/developers : https://github.com/romenrg/evergreen-skills-developers
  
## Semester 1

## Semester 2

## Semester 3

### Data Structures and Algorithms

* https://www.free-online-calculator-use.com/postfix-evaluator.html
* https://raj457036.github.io/Simple-Tools/prefixAndPostfixConvertor.html
* https://www.hackerearth.com/practice/algorithms/sorting/bubble-sort/visualize/
* https://lnogueir.github.io/expression-tree-gen/
* http://btv.melezinek.cz/binary-search-tree.html

### Database Systems

* https://sqliteonline.com/
* https://sqlzoo.net/
* https://www.interviewbit.com/


## Semester 4

### Software Requirement Engineering
### Computer Networks

* https://gaia.cs.umass.edu/kurose_ross/interactive/
* https://whimsical.com/networking-cheatsheet-by-love-babbar-FcLExFDezehhfsbDPfZDBv
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYeJoJXIP9Q
* Computer Communications Specialization Coursera : https://www.coursera.org/specializations/computer-communications
* Free Courses : https://www.cisco.com/c/m/en_sg/partners/cisco-networking-academy/index.html


### Numerical Methods
### Computer Organization and Archeticture
* <b> Computer Architecture Complete Course By Princeton University : <\b>
    * Part 1 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nuAjYRbITQ
    * Part 2 : https://youtu.be/foCkCSZXOt8 
    * Part 3 : https://youtu.be/BHMETwOXvWw
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1ung0wil9Y
* 8086 Assembly Language Programming For Beginners : https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7i2wta8UEF6lYj7RO3CLeccXFUm_Q29r
* A visual simulator for teaching computer architecture using the RISC-V instruction set. : https://guillaume-savaton-eseo.github.io/emulsiV/
*

### Theory of Automata and Formal Languages

* Regular Expressions Exercises : https://opendsa-server.cs.vt.edu/OpenDSA/Books/PIFLAS21/html/RegExExercises.html
* Regular Language Practice Problems : https://ycpcs.github.io/cs340-fall2016/practice/reglang.html
* Exercise Questions on Regular Language and Regular Expression : https://www.cs.odu.edu/~toida/nerzic/390teched/regular/reg-lang/examples.html
* Visually simulate your DFAs, NFAs and ε-NFAsone input symbol at a time : https://ivanzuzak.info/noam/webapps/fsm_simulator/
* Convert simple regular expressions to deterministic finite automaton. (Regex => NFA => DFA) : https://cyberzhg.github.io/toolbox/nfa2dfa
